README/04 - Packets.md, before:

# ZScript Windows v0.3

![](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/ZSWin_Logo.png)

## Packets
Packets are small utility classes used internally by the system in the process of completing certain operations or sharing information.  

- [Cursor Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-05-ZSWin_CursorPacket.md) - there's really only ever two of these, the current packet used in operations requiring information about the cursor, and the incoming update.  The cursor packet contains the location of the cursor and an integer equal to the UI event enumeration.

- [Event Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-06-ZSWin_EventPacket.md) - are dangerous if used incorrectly.  Event packets are used to essentially "order up" an event as the result of a UI process.  What this means is that the event being "ordered up" by the UI process, needs to be executed prior to the execution of the next UI event.

- [Window Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-13-ZSWin_WindowPacket.md) - there are multiple ways of spawning windows into a level, including through line events using ZScript.  The WorldLineActivated event is supported to read UDMF variables stored in a linedef that can be activated.  Assuming the supplied information passes validation, Window packets are used to store that information and pass it to the event system for creation.


------------


[Back to Project Main](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin "Back to Project Main")

Commit message:

Partial Multiplayer Fix
Multiplayer is currently broken; only sort of.  Basically, ZObjects that use their event handler method extensions MUST check their PlayerClient members before doing anything so they are getting info from the right player.  This isn't a problem for NetProcess, but it was for UiProcess.  Added a PlayerClient member to the ZUIEventPacket.

Updated documentation since the Cursor Packet isn't a thing anymore.

README/04 - Packets.md, after:

# ZScript Windows v0.3.1

![](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/ZSWin_Logo.png)

## Packets
Packets are small utility classes used internally by the system in the process of completing certain operations or sharing information.  

- [UI Event Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-05-ZSWin_UIEventPacket.md) - are basically a copy of the native UiEvent struct and are used by the *ZObj_UiProcess* method to allow ZObjects to process input information themselves.

- [Event Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-06-ZSWin_EventPacket.md) - are dangerous if used incorrectly.  Event packets are used to essentially "order up" an event as the result of a UI process.  What this means is that the event being "ordered up" by the UI process, needs to be executed prior to the execution of the next UI event.

- [Window Packets](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin/blob/master/README/03%20-%20Classes-13-ZSWin_WindowPacket.md) - there are multiple ways of spawning windows into a level, including through line events using ZScript.  The WorldLineActivated event is supported to read UDMF variables stored in a linedef that can be activated.  Assuming the supplied information passes validation, Window packets are used to store that information and pass it to the event system for creation.


------------


[Back to Project Main](https://github.com/Saican/ZSWin "Back to Project Main")
